I'm Andy Dick. I'm your guest comptroller.
Welcome to Harmontown.
Harmontown is now in session.
Please, please, let's welcome our mayor, Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you, Andy Dick, guest comptroller Andy Dick.
Thank you.
But not, you know, not really because Jeff is here.
But he was so late that Jeff was like, start without me.
And I was like, well, Andy do it. And Andy was like, I'll do it.
And then Jeff was like, I'm a block away. And Andy was like, too late.
So now Jeff's in the bathroom and we're starting the show.
And thank you very much. I think you'd make a great comptroller.
Thank you. Any time. Any time.
You know what the job entails? Like keeping me on topic.
For instance, like I tend to go off on tangents.
And then sometimes I need to recall what I was talking about.
Oh, Andy, you're doing great.
Get up here. Are you? Get up here.
Oh, I need a little notepad then.
Who's going to keep me on track?
Well, maybe just maybe your joy will make you remember what I'm talking about.
Who says I'm joyous?
So for instance, do you know about October birthdays, Andy?
No, I don't.
Well, I found out, did I talk about this?
If your birthday's in early October, like you have one of the more popular birthdays.
It's not spread out. Like it's not like one three hundred sixty-fifth of everyone has each birthday.
Like there's very popular birthdays.
And October 5th is the ultimate. It is the most popular birthday.
And the reason why they think that is, is because 274 days earlier is New Year's Eve.
Pretty interesting. Pretty fun.
So then you go like, okay, so what is the...
That's already really interesting because New Year's Eve, it really makes you think what we do that night,
we lament who we are and we make all these plans for turning over a new leaf.
And then we do this shit that fucks up our whole life that night, that very night.
We do some of the craziest shit.
Like I'm sure the DUI numbers are through the roof that night, right? That's an easy guess.
Like I'm probably not wrong about that.
Probably like a lot of lives get ruined on New Year's Eve while people are like,
finally 2017, it's going to be different.
Yeah, it is. You're going to be pregnant or dead.
And then you think, not that being pregnant is a bad thing, by the way.
Well, it is now. We have horrible overpopulation. Shame on you.
Also, who's this person going to be? Picasso? We made all the good people. We're fucked.
You're just making another omen in a world with an omen surplus.
We got enough Damians.
But then you start, okay, what's the least popular birthday?
It's May 22nd and then you go 274 days from back and that's August 22nd.
So is it just too hot to fuck? That was Cody's theory.
It's just too hot. It's not a holiday, of course.
It's the opposite of a holiday. It's just a hot day and the fans blowing on you
and you feel like you're in a shitty urban cowboy movie.
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden.
Ah, shit.
I'm doing this wrong. Jeff texted me, tell Andy to bring Spencer out.
Hashtag Comptrolled.
But then I brought him out. I should have told you to bring him out.
Do you want to try bringing him out? You don't have to. You can stay out.
I can go back.
Just pretend to go back. Just stay there.
How would you have brought him out?
Well, the way I'm told.
So you would have me say, and now, what's his title?
Game Master.
And now, give it up for Game Master Spencer.
What? No.
Thank you. Thank you.
So what do you do over there? I mean, you look like you're...
I'm fact checking.
Oh wait, you're right. About the birthday thing. The birthday is hot.
So someone having a birthday?
No, about October. You know, all that stuff.
If you were wrong, I would say something, but you're right.
Oh, you were looking it up.
You weren't looking up. Are you periscoping?
I'm trying to get it up.
Got me. Yes, I'm trying to get it up.
He's periscoping during our show.
I'm trying to.
He's trying to periscope our show. Is that okay?
It's like an airplane flying up next to another airplane and siphoning gas out of it.
Like one of those refueling planes, but it's unfueling.
No, but it's more like you're a fucking juggernaut and I'm just a little drone going,
just trying to get a little of your juice.
So are we disagree on tank size?
Like you're right.
No, I'm like a little mosquito. Yeah.
Okay, you're right. I'm a part of it.
No, it doesn't, to answer your question, is not really, there's no, you can periscope.
I asked him earlier.
Obviously, that's why I knew what he was doing.
Okay, what do we got here?
Jeff's texting a gift of Stephen Colbert going like this.
Let me just talk about this for a second, if I might.
So King Ralph, huh? What a movie.
All right, I'll talk about that later.
All right, and I had a, I tried to watch The Conjuring with Cody.
You don't have to play to my periscope.
I want them to feel welcome.
I tried to watch The Conjuring with Cody and she had taken a bunch of muscle relaxers
and we weren't really getting a lot of sleep
and the dogs were barking a lot at raccoons in the backyard
and what happened was, we watched The Conjuring and it was scary
and we were asleep but we couldn't sleep all night
and there was always shit happening
and she was like on something and we're both drunk
but then in the middle of the night she got up to go to the bathroom
because she couldn't see, she was just walking around like this
like holding her hands out, being careful, which was like how ghosts walk
and then I woke up and she saw me see her and she went,
I'm not a ghost, I'm not a ghost!
Which is a really funny thing to have to say to somebody
and it's even funnier to be right that that's the thing to say
like she knew I thought she was a ghost, I'm not a ghost, I realize I look like a ghost.
That's pretty self-aware
and it makes me think that's what must be happening to ghosts
like they're probably dying and walking around the land of the living
is like being on Viking in at three in the morning
like they're all probably just going like this because they're like,
what the fuck is going on?
and then we're like, oh, that's like a scare gesture
and they're like, no, I can't see without my ghost glasses
and they're saying, I am a ghost!
Yeah, they're going, I'm not alive, I'm not alive!
And you're like, that's scary!
But it comes out, boo!
Poor ghosts.
Do you know who Amanda Knox is?
I just watched it, watched the whole thing.
My favorite part was the guy that said,
when it turned out like no one had done any DNA testing or whatever
and the guy's like, dude, I wish when the Americans started to question
our process forensically, it made me very upset.
In the year 1308, this country was the birthplace of the American
or the Western justice system or something like that.
In 1308, in America, they were drawing buffalo on the walls of caves.
I thought it was so adorable!
I love the idea that we were Native Americans
or cavemen, he might think, that we were like cavemen.
And I also love the idea that he doesn't understand
that you don't want to go to the older country for the forensics.
He's like, are you kidding me, we invented eyeglasses!
Of course we know whose blood splatter that was.
No, you need lasers for that.
You silly, silly feudal man.
It's weird to think that he really thinks that way.
I know, and it really goes to show you that he wouldn't have like a built-in shame.
And then you go like, oh wait, what's so great about,
we really adapted that concept that out with the old and with the new
to such an extreme that we suffer for it to this day.
We have no foundational culture, but at the same time,
we don't have a class system that's so entrenched that a lot of people are going,
excuse me, we don't, but in very, very European ways,
class is like something totally like still,
I think it's just baked into the system.
And over here, I always look at it like America is the Las Vegas of the planet.
So it's like a ton of bad shit happening all on the sidewalk,
everyone shaking their head, like no culture, just blinking neon,
just everyone trying to out-goach everybody,
because fuck you, I won, you lost, oh, I'm up today, I'm down tomorrow.
And it's like, yeah, like in every way,
every metaphor that would apply, and then everyone else is like, this can't last.
It's about to blow up and just waiting very patiently.
And for them, the definition of patience is 400 years,
you'll still be a flash of the pan if you're gone.
And I'm like, we're on that schedule.
They're going to be right, these blue bloods.
They're going to be like, remember when the Americans were around?
They could be right.
Hey, about Amanda Knox, what did you think of her boyfriend?
I don't remember his.
Sara Serretti or Serati, did you guys see the little documentary?
I love documentaries.
It was in the news, I watched it in the news about this girl named Amanda Knox,
who was accused of killing her roommate while she was doing a study abroad thing
in Italy, and they said she killed her roommate.
I guess nobody knows about it.
What about her boyfriend?
Well, this doesn't really matter.
Did you guys see it?
It's on Netflix, some of you did.
It's a one time, it's a documentary.
I loved it because it's one of those, they do so well with those where
I'm like, oh God, that bitch is guilty.
They make her seem so crazy in the beginning.
And then within the first two minutes, she's making little meatballs with Romney.
Oh, that's so creepy.
She's so gross.
She has the first word and she says, look, the thing is, I'm different.
I act weird, I talk weird, I react to things weird.
And that had me in because I've always been terrified of,
my 911 call is going to be the one where they play and they go, listen to him.
Why is he, what do you mean my girlfriend's head came off?
You say decapitated and I'm going to be like, what the fuck do you say?
Write a script for my 911 call.
And then they're going to be like, hmm, testy.
And I'm just like, I know, and then they're going to open up one of many boxes in my house
that will make me look like, whether I killed someone or not,
Jail's not a bad place for me to be.
Like, not a bad idea.
All the alcohol and all the pickles.
Yeah, you're, you don't just, I hope nothing bad ever happens in your house.
Oh God, man, just, yeah, just break into my house, open any third box.
If you really are an enemy of mine and you want to see me go down.
What about the first two? What's in there?
Yeah, just taxes.
That stuff won't, you know, that's fine, you know, I didn't lose a billion dollars
and then write it off for 22 years.
But then the next one is like, is that a sex doll?
And how old is it?
In both senses of the word.
Here are the two weird things to me about that movie, Amanda Knox,
and about her is that in the beginning when they, they really kind of make her
look a little crazy.
She's got wide eyes and she says a very strange phrase, something about,
look, either I, and they set her up real nice, lit nice on a stool.
I'm like, well, she's not in jail.
That's my first thing is she in a jail outfit right now.
She's not.
So I know she did not go to jail, but she did.
You have to watch it.
So, and she says either I am a crazy sociopathic psycho killer or I am you.
I'm like.
Instead of innocent.
But that doesn't make sense.
What does that mean?
Because I am secretly a crazy psychopathic killer.
Right.
That doesn't mean you're innocent.
I don't know what you meant at all by that.
It's almost like she, that's what I'm like.
She's guilty.
And then her boyfriend just turned on her right away.
It's all spoiler alert stuff.
Well, yeah.
Because we're also familiar with here in the States because we have the world's
largest prison population and all of our TV shows are about the process of putting them
in prison.
And we're fascinated with it.
And so most people in this audience, I think could, could probably get through an
interrogation.
But, but a lot of the stories like the Memphis, South Memphis 17 or whatever the hell they
like.
Like a lot of, and the making of a murderer thing too.
A lot of those stories have people who are either, either they're young or they're maybe
a little, a little on the, on the lighter side of the, of the intelligence.
God, what, how will you say this diplomatically?
What path am I going to take through that minefield?
They're either young or they're dumb.
Or they're, or they just haven't, they've never, ever considered the concept of like
just like, oh, this is what the cops want.
They're like, I feel like I'm not saying we're all super strong people that could get through
an interrogation.
I'm just saying we would know when they sat us down in that chair that we, we have, if
we don't call our lawyer, we're absolutely fucked until the moment we do.
And that, and that every moment until then they're only, they're going to do whatever they can
to make us say that we did something.
And this guy is some Italian guy.
It was like really kind of just adorably hunky and like, and, and, and he, and it's just,
it makes you sad that he goes into one side of that black box and he comes out the other
like just going, yeah, she did it and fine.
Now can I go to bed?
And then, and then there's also like, I remember what happened.
He said, he turned on her right away when, when, when the cops scared him into thinking
that maybe she, that she turned on him.
And then because, but he had these weird thoughts about everything because when she got home
that, that morning to, to her apartment where the girl was already dead, she took a shower.
And there was, and there was, and there was someone else's shit in the toilet that they,
no one ever tested the shit.
All right, just watch it.
Just watch it.
If you're like me, you'll be like the, well, you'll walk away like no one ever tested the
turd.
It was like this grody, that was the thing.
It's like no woman made that turd.
And like, I don't know if it's sexist, like, oh, they're so dainty.
I'm just saying like, they're fucking like, they have some standards.
Like they, it was like a, that was a gross like fig turd, like that like landed outside
the water.
I was like, I don't care who you murdered.
You'd be like, you'd be like, in the bowl.
Just, I'm not leaving this.
This is not going to be my legacy as the person that killed this person.
I want a corpse and a knife and some fingerprints, maybe a little DNA, but not this fucking.
I showed a photo of the shit.
This fucking gross date from a bad Mediterranean.
But the big turn to me, and this is the part I found the most fascinating was at the very
end, he, he wanted to get back together with her.
He loved her.
In prison.
Yeah.
And she had a change of heart.
She's like, no, I don't.
Yeah.
I would think that he would leave her forever and ever, right?
Did you know this was before the Billy Bush was a household name?
The household.
Like, I mean, he was, he was more of a, more of a guilty pleasure, shitty hot tub room
name before that.
But he, like, like, like Billy Bush, like is in that documentary.
Did you notice like you can hear his voice?
I think, unless I'm totally mistaken, I'm thinking of the other guy.
I think it was Billy Bush.
You can hear his voice going like she's, because he's just being fed like world is like, yeah,
there's a Foxy Noxie and she's like sitting down in the gallery or the whatever they call
it behind her table.
And then he just goes, he's like, I don't know, doesn't look like a Foxy to me.
It looks like maybe she had a rough night.
Maybe she needs a little more mascara.
Maybe they don't provide that in Paris jails or something.
Like it was just like, I think it was him.
I think it was his voice.
Anyways.
All right.
Who cares?
Like that guy needs to be taken down a peg.
That was not him, by the way.
And I'm the jury's out with him.
Did you just fact check me?
I know for a fact.
I remember that guy and they showed him and it wasn't unless it was, I should, can somebody
fact check that because maybe, but I remember the guy, I can picture him and, but, but Billy's
weird because I happen to be following him on Snapchat.
Billy, Billy Bush.
I only follow five people.
Do you only follow five people?
Like you only follow five star.
No, my kids and Billy fucking.
It was before this whole Trump thing is because I'm fast and weirdly fascinated by him because
I've been interviewed by him many times.
If I get, if I show up, I think he's at E if I remember.
He always vies to do my interview.
I'm gonna, I'm doing it.
I'm like, oh, this guy really likes me.
It's all sweet.
But then I started thinking, or does he, is he trying to get me?
You know what I mean?
Corner me like a rat.
Poke my cage.
What is he doing?
And so I've been, I've been watching him like privately because his snaps are private,
supposedly.
And I, and I've been trying to like assess to see if he's a real person, if he's being,
if, if there's a guy, if there's actually a guy in the media out there that actually likes me.
That's all.
So I've been watching and watching and watching and watching.
Oh no.
You were following him because you thought he might be one of the good ones.
Jerry's still out because.
You know, but the sad thing is it's just him.
He's the only candidate.
That's what said, you didn't have like Michael Osiello on there.
No, no, no, no, no.
There's people that I know kind of like me.
Oh, you're like Osiello's in.
This one's the one I'm like, I just don't get it.
Is he tricking me and pretending to like me?
Well, I think this is a good segue because the cost of celebrity.
You weather it in this rough industry town.
What if you were a passionate haunted house curator?
We've, we've had my neighbor on before.
You guys know Beth Boots and she was here too.
But she's not coming up tonight.
So now boo boo.
Oh shit.
Well, I don't, I didn't mean boo like please boo for me.
But I understand that you didn't understand that.
But I also, when did you guys start doing things to make me happy?
You fucking millennial shit faces.
I thought you came here to watch me fail.
So now all of a sudden you're going to boo on command, you little Nazis.
But Beth has been up here in the low.
Most recently she was up here with her kid Timmer who is a, a really a died in the wall
card carrying four years and for four years for a 16 year old.
That's like, that's like beyond dog years.
That's like a long time that he's been doing his haunted house.
And so we said, I said, let's keep tabs on him.
So he's, he's, he's here tonight with, with some of his haunted house workers.
Let's bring out Timmer Bootson and company.
So Dan, you told me that these were the stranger things kids.
Cause I didn't want you to think we were getting Columbines.
I wanted you to come to the show.
So Timmer, do you want to introduce your, your terrifying friends?
I don't know who they are.
Oh, okay.
Well, the stranger things kids.
All right.
Yeah.
This, that's our dress.
That's Carson.
That's Masimo.
Say hi.
All right.
Well, I don't think we'll forget those names any time soon.
Do they have specialties like, does anyone in charge of the pumpkin bucket by the door
and then another person's in charge of taping the plastic bags to the, to the CD player?
They all do that job.
Okay.
They all do that.
Your mom sent some photos.
Well, first of all, how is the, your mom sent some photos, but that's a different interview.
That's not, that's not the reaction that, I mean, I, that was my joke.
But when you react like that, you make it bad.
Just laugh.
You shouldn't, you shouldn't, you shouldn't.
It turned into married with children for a second.
Look, it was a show in the nineties and the, the, the, the, the, the canned laughter went
from genuine laughter to just people going, whoo.
Every time he said he didn't want to fuck his wife and it was like, it was messed up.
Timmer, can I, can I call you Tim?
Sure.
Should you have been named Tim?
Sorry.
Yeah, probably.
So it'd be easier for people like you to pronounce.
Yeah.
I mean, it's all about me and my comfort.
Yes.
Except, except this time of year when you were fucking haunted houses.
No, I'm kidding.
So how is the, how is the, how is it going this year compared to last year's?
Much better because we have more actors and we have, we, it's, it's bigger.
Have you, in what ways over the, over the four years since you started getting into haunted
house?
Because I know, I know one answer is going to be, you start earlier and earlier in the
year, right?
Because this year you started in May working on this year's haunted house.
And what other ways, is it getting bigger, like geographically?
Like, is it taking up more space?
Yeah.
Last year it still took up space, but this year there's more twists and turns.
And your mom said, it's just more of an efficient use of land.
That's all.
Like you said.
It's just more of an efficient use of land.
That's all.
Right.
So yeah, I know.
You have this breakthrough of landscape management.
What, what, how did you figure out how to use it better than last time?
It's a real question.
Um, I don't know.
I just use my brain.
So this time around you're just like, oh man, I'm better.
Yeah.
All right.
I've grown a lot since last year.
Well, I give up.
That's true.
I mean, your whole brain is changing.
Yeah.
I mean, four years ago it's just robots.
That's getting to be robots and don't get me started.
No one wants you to get started.
So that's the, that's the frustration of this age.
Isn't it?
You're not allowed to get started.
And yet you, you've started the, so I'm told by parents, the, the, but, but, but you,
you, so I, so the pictures that, that, that I got sent, uh, there's a, it looks like a
lot of like, like, like I'm watching it under construction, I guess in these pictures,
but it really looks like a, there's a post-apocalyptic theme.
Hence the gas masks.
Do you, is there a reason you chose a post-apocalypse theme?
Well, have you guys been watching the debates lately?
It's been our show.
Excellent.
Excellent work.
Amazing.
Uh, so, but, but as it looks like a lot of like, like, it's a lot of, a lot of hefty bags,
like black plastic bags or, but, and PVC pipe and black electric tape.
And that's like, is that like just a framework or is it, is it like, are you walking through
a world of black plastic?
Yeah.
Pretty much it's the frame.
And then those are the walls.
And then we put props in it.
Yeah.
It's more than that racist.
There's white bags as well.
Oh.
That's nice.
Yeah.
I mean, I can't, what, what am I going to do with that?
I'm too old to laugh, too young to help.
Like, I don't know.
Uh.
So how long, how long, how long is the average consumers experience when they come to your
haunted house?
Like from, from gate to gate, from running away in terror to running up and going.
I think about three to five minutes depending on how scared you are.
Do you, do, do, do, do, what does a mistake people make who don't want to be scared in
a haunted house?
Do they go slower or faster?
Uh, they probably go slower cause.
So they get scared more.
Yeah.
They drag out, they create their own nightmare.
Pretty much.
It's just like, um, uh, when you're a monkey and you grab the, uh, sugar or the salt cubes
and that one, uh, 70s nature film and they, they won't let go of the salt.
So they're trapped there forever and they die of thirst.
Sure.
Or it's like, like, uh, like a, I don't know, like other things in nature where your struggle,
quicksand, I think they call it.
It makes your, do you believe in quicksand?
Do you think it's real?
Uh, I mean, I've never been asked that question before, but I've seen it in movies.
Yeah.
Me too.
Only in movies.
I've never seen like a nature documentary where Anthony Hopkins is like, the elephant
doesn't count.
It's some quicksand.
Well, I like a lot of things in life.
It's probably real.
Yeah.
It's not real.
It's definitely real.
I'm gonna listen to him.
Yeah.
It's real.
I got stuck.
Yeah.
I got stuck too.
I fact-checked it in my world because I was stuck up to my ball sack in quicksand when
I was little.
Quicksand is real.
Is it real?
It's like trying to listen to my parents one telling me Santa's real.
One's telling me, no, it's not.
Santa's real.
Quicksand is real.
Santa's not real, but quicksand.
Think about it.
It's a real thing.
Is there anything other than fear that you would love to cause with your haunted house?
Wow.
Equality.
Can you elaborate?
Just say that.
Like, is there any other message writing in there like with the post-apocalypse theme
and you're, you know, it's like, should people, are you hoping like maybe people will walk
out going like, man, that scared the shit out of me.
And also like, did you notice that chaos is not as much a part of our life as it needs
to be?
Well, I guess that's why Halloween's once a year so I could show you all the hell you
can go through in life and then you can be lucky for the rest of the year.
Oh, that's nice.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's have a hand for Timur and his friends and go to their haunted house.
You want people to go, right?
Yeah.
I mean, I got, because I saw on the, I think of the Facebook, like, you know, one of our
fans, Jane, who was coordinating some, I don't know, there was, I heard about a bunch of
people coming to your haunted house.
I don't know if they've done it yet or if they're going to do it.
Oh yeah, you have a big fan base.
We had about two or three people there.
Okay.
Yeah.
That seems about right.
Well, so we can, we can, we can invite people without worrying of overwhelming you.
It's 4302 Ambrose Avenue where, and yeah, the website's better to give.
It's ambrosehauntedmaze.com.
Yeah.
Every night from seven.
And it says, face your fears.
Face your fears.
All right.
You guys go face your fears of school day tomorrow.
Thank you.
It's Monday.
All right.
Well, Andy, the time has come for you to, I think, abandon your, your wings as a guest
cop trawler and become a guest.
Our next guest has been guest comp trawling and to, to, to mixed results and, and, and
oh, here's our, all right, Jeff just wants to be a guest.
I'm going to sit out here.
Okay.
Let's mix it up because Andy, Andy, you're doing such a good job of comp trawling.
Am I, am I being periscoped right now?
There was so cool that you had spooky one direction on that was nice.
Do you think that they, that they murdered Zayn?
Is that why, is that why Zayn wasn't out here?
You're outside my pop cultural vocabulary.
I, I, I Googled it while I was back there.
I typed in one direction, who, and it auto filled in, who left?
Oh.
It was Zayn.
I heard if you play their hit, email, email my Twitter backwards, it says Zayn is dead.
But you have to reverse the file in SoundCloud in order to hear it.
Where did Andy go?
And now Andy just, Andy's just evaporated.
Oh, there he is.
I just have to pee.
Okay.
Go pee.
All right.
Well, thanks for, thanks for coming and, uh, uh, I'm really happy about that.
Oh, no.
Hi, I'm filling in Brandy.
Dino Stamatopolous, uh, the, uh, inmates are running the, uh, the asylum.
Oh, really?
Dino, is this your guitar?
That's my guitar.
Are you going to sing a song for us later?
Shhh.
It's a surprise.
Well, no, it's not.
It's a fucking guitar.
No, I'm going to fuck.
Well, I think you don't know what I'm going to do with it.
I'm going to fuck that guitar.
Yeah.
Well, it's going to fuck me.
I forgot.
So it's mentioned something about the haunted house that Beth mentioned, which is that there
are so many more twists and turns this year that people are really getting lost.
How old, how old were those boys?
And why was Andy here with them?
Also, when they left, Andy left right after they did.
So much so funny.
I mean, I could put.
Now where's Dino?
Where's Dino?
Why do you have a duffel bag full of skeletons?
What did you do or say to those children back there?
I didn't see them.
I went pee.
Okay.
Just now?
All right.
We can't really verify your story until we check the tape.
So I know that this has been talked about a lot by everybody, but that's part of why
I'm outraged about it, because it hasn't changed.
Why did we make this shift with fortune cookies, where they're just advice cookies.
They're just platitude cookies.
And you don't even have to change it much to make a...
100 compliments, like you are a wise person, and it's like, oh great, I'll take it to the
bank.
I got one at one time.
I got one at one time and said, people like you at a party.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm like, that's not fortune.
That's not a fortune.
Okay, so take that one and just change it to, people are going to like you at a party.
Great fortune.
Oh no, no.
One person might not like you at a party.
Oh yeah, I mean, even at some...
Like Gremlins me.
Like fucking be the creepy guy at the fucking Mogwes store.
Beware.
You know, you're gonna get invited to a party.
I don't know if you should go.
Like peep somebody by there might not like you, and you'd be like, ooh, there's steaks
to my shitty life.
I was like, fantasize there'd be a fortune cookie, you open it up and the fortune just
said, duck.
That's a fucking good fortune cookie.
But it says that all over the menu.
Yeah.
That's true.
So they feel like they'd be trying to...
I'll have the peaking duck.
All right, well, so have you ever seen King Ralph?
I don't...
What's that one?
It's...
Okay, so I was describing it to Cody because we were talking about Trump and I was like,
I don't know if people think it's like a King Ralph thing.
Is that why they like him?
She's like, what's King Ralph?
I said, you know, there was a movie that John Goodman is a guy and lives in Vegas or Cleveland
or something and he...
Vegas or Cleveland.
Interchangeable cities.
The entire royal family is wiped out in a freak accident, leaving him as the only heir,
so he's King Ralph.
And then she's like, wait, that sounds like the greatest movie ever.
And I'm like, yeah, it does.
Why haven't I ever watched that?
And then we watched it.
It was like, oh my God, it was so boring.
How can you make a movie about the entire royal family getting murdered in the first
three minutes and like having John Goodman become the King of England?
How do you...
Isn't that the same premise of designated survivor or whatever?
Designated survivor.
Keepers of England.
He becomes the King...
Oh, man.
Keepers of England.
He becomes the...
The designated survivor.
They put him in like a secret cabinet somewhere.
Yeah, they put the guy that...
Well, he's just like the secretary of agriculture or something?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, but that's not...
I mean, like we don't live in...
Well, I mean, no, that's fun, sure.
So is Dave with Kevin Klein.
He's the president's double and then he becomes president.
Like, these are interesting and then you go and like, oh man, if this guy was president,
oh, and it's like, it's the King of England, I guess the problem is the King doesn't really
do anything and that's not a controversial statement.
It's like specifically designed to not be a active office.
And then so then you're like, what's at stake?
But then also it's just weird because I think the only thing that...
Because the Royals are a family, that's the whole point of them.
So since you have to kill them all in order to have them be King, he's just wandering
around Buckingham Palace going, this needs a bowling alley and like it's not like there's
an old lady going, I never, because she's dead.
There's just a bunch of people going, well, you're King.
But does he...
Research bowling alley.
But does he use his like, like, like meathead, like lower class morality to kind of shake
things up for good or what happens?
Kind of, but it's like so low stakes, it's like, like he becomes King and then he falls
in love with a stripper and like, but she's not a stripper because it's really fucked
up.
And then it's like, they go straight from, I can't believe this guy's the King of England
too, if he does something improper, then the stewards or the tutors will be able to sweep
in and it's like, what do you mean if he does something improper, he's a fucking fat guy
from Las Vegas?
But then you'll be able to invoke the law of abdication?
It doesn't make...
You spend the whole time going, what the hell's going on?
You're talking about a movie that you don't want any of us to see.
Yeah, but I just thought it was amazing that the plot for King Ralph exists in the annals
of our bad movie, and it's like, it's a good idea, I mean, it would be interesting to watch
a guy be King of England, but it's really boring.
Like, it's not a bad idea, do you want to see like King Spencer?
Yeah.
Spencer's the King of England, like, I could fill 90 minutes.
Designated Spencer.
Yeah.
People are really getting lost in that haunted house, okay, I warn you about that.
Probably all these tutors.
I want to get back to...
On the front, you know, they go like, click, click, click as you come in with one of those
clickers, and there's just...
When they check the till at the end, there's two people in play, and they've run a thing,
the plastic's all intact, so I think there's two people still in there facing their fears.
But you find it weird, at the end of the haunted house, there's these snacks that taste like
people.
All right.
They taste like two people.
Oh yeah, I don't know, they taste like two people.
It tastes like two missing people.
Well, let's bring out Dino so that we can talk to him.
Yeah, Dino!
Right for the vodka.
Fucking night!
He knows what he likes.
Andy, have you been, man?
Where are you going?
Every time I look over here, you're milling about...
I thought I was coming up there.
You're staying right where you are.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Andy was doing good.
I was standing over there, and I was watching.
Would you be happier out here, Andy?
No, no, I like this for a little bit, but I do like...
I feel comfortable with Dino.
Oh, okay.
Get over here.
Why don't we switch places?
I can stay here.
Switch places.
I'll switch, I'll switch.
Jeff loves it right here.
No, no, no.
I won't.
I have to say, I was sitting over there watching you, and it was like I was watching my kid
be in like a soccer team for the first time, like, oh, yeah, hit it!
And when you got your first laugh, I was so proud of you.
What was it when it was his first laugh?
I don't know.
His mom took the picture.
All right, well, so you guys, again, just to re-mention it, you have a fair audio podcast
called Skull Juice.
Skull Juice, yeah.
Front Rose, love us.
But also, Dino, you have a band.
I have a band called Sorry About Everything.
Don't, don't throw it.
It's a punk band.
It's okay.
I'm not really apologizing.
I'm cocky about it.
It's easier than comedy.
Look, I'm not getting any laughs.
And you know I want to be like you, so I don't know if I told you yet, but I started a band.
Called?
You're welcome.
When, uh, when I got my first Emmy for the Ben Stiller show, Andy and I actually wrote
a lot of the sketches.
You know that's how he said first, Emmy.
True.
Well, I mean, I don't know, I'm not dead yet.
It's my one Emmy, but, you know.
I thought you have multiple Emmys.
No, I only have one Emmy.
I tell people you have five.
Thank you, baby.
Let's go with that.
You know, you, you call your one Emmy, your first Emmy.
I love that.
That's a good idea.
I ain't dead yet.
What an optimist I love.
Yeah.
But you know, I'm a pessimist too.
I call my, my mom, my...
First mom.
My, yeah, my soon-to-be-deceased mother.
Yeah.
Because you're a pessimist?
You want her to be dead.
She's listening.
No, a pessimist means I don't want her to be dead.
I don't know.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
She's not listening.
Your mom's not going to listen.
No.
My mom will never listen to this.
I'll make sure she does.
She doesn't even listen to you when you talk at Thanksgiving.
Right.
Yeah.
She's like this guy.
Your mother...
Scares the shit out of me.
Yeah.
She's terrifying too.
Well, because she wants to fuck you really badly.
Probably.
That's right.
That's like, that's like a wolf man wanting to fuck you.
Who doesn't want to fuck you?
Why don't you want me to fuck you?
All right.
Sorry.
You have.
I have.
I fucked you.
I fucked you for ten years by not talking to you.
You dreamed about either filetting Dino or Dino filetting you?
I don't want to talk about it.
It's on your Feral Audio podcast.
Oh, it is.
We spoke about it, of the three of us.
Yeah.
He doesn't want to talk about it on somebody else's podcast.
Because it was a Louis C.K. dreamed about wanting to fuck Dino.
Or fucking Dino?
No.
I was just spooning in my dream, spooning, and it was just like a jerk.
I think Louis and I were...
Did you guys ever have a dream where you were a lady?
And you were getting copulated with upon by a gentleman?
I did.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I had a dream that I was in my kitchen sink when I was a kid.
In your sink as a lady?
Yeah.
That's the one lady like.
I know.
It was animalistic and passionate.
And there was this very Mario from Mario Brothers looking guy,
just giving it to me missionary style.
And I was in the sink.
And then the die-hard guy came in.
You're all 80s.
It's ridiculous.
Were you shrunken down to fit inside a sink?
No.
First of all, I was a younger kid.
So in my mind, the sink was bigger.
Right.
And then also, if I'm thinking I'm a lady, I don't know.
I was in the sink.
It was like, the sink is big enough for a butt, a human butt.
So you're like, I wasn't like, contained in the sink.
Like, it was like, the littles or something.
Or I'm like, sliding down a spoon.
If there's a guy fucking me.
If your butt's in the sink, how does somebody fuck you while your butt is down in the recess?
Well, I mean, I'm a kid, I don't really.
You're such a stickler.
I'm a visual sinker, Dino.
How big was Mario?
He was like a, he was like a.
His feet on the ground?
No, I mean, that's the thing is he was like, he was a compact man.
Yeah.
He was probably like, he would have had to have been on like a.
The mushroom.
Yeah.
The way that he was giving it to me on the height of counter that I was on with.
He had to have been on my foot.
Yeah.
I just think it's.
But the dream is just point of view.
I mean, I don't have to deal with that stuff.
And I was like, probably, I don't know.
Well, I would have to say like, this is after puberty.
And like, I'm going to say like 13, maybe I had that dream.
He probably would look like a nice lady at that age.
I remember my friends when I was like 12, somehow it came up and they'd like, Dino, you'd make a good looking girl.
And I was like mad, but now I'd kill for that a compliment.
Yeah.
When I was 13, I would have loved to have heard that your mom wanted to fuck me.
No, you wouldn't.
I'm sure I mentioned this before in Harmontown.
Maybe not.
I had a dream one time.
I think I told you about this, Dan, where I was going down on a girl in my dream.
And then at some point she had a dick, but it was my dick.
So now I'm sucking my.
Of course.
I'm sucking my own dick.
And the whole time I'm thinking like, I want to do a good job, but I don't want to come in my own mouth.
I mean, you've never had.
Have you had, have you had dreams where you'd suck your own cock?
I always do.
It's like, it's like flying dreams in that.
No.
What do you mean in your dream?
You bend in half.
Yeah.
I'm like just sucking in.
It's great.
Really?
And you contorted?
Yeah.
And then I come in my own face and I call myself a cunt.
I can't tell if you're doing a bit.
I don't know if you're doing a bit.
Let's bring the kids back out.
I mean, let's bring out spooky one direction.
I mean, this is what you'll get at skull juice kids.
No, I've never, I've never, I mean, I couldn't even dream of doing a sit-up when that's like 11,000 sit-ups.
Yeah, but it's a dream.
I couldn't dream of flying either.
Well, I could fly.
You could fly now?
Flying dreams lately.
Oh, right.
Well, I know it's even more of a feat.
I keep having these dreams where I'll just be running down the sidewalk and then I'll just like, I'll realize, wait, I can fly.
And then I'll just like start flying.
I say that it's a very, very positive like emotional or psychological state to be in.
Flying dream is like the most...
You can control that with lucid dreaming.
You're liberated.
There's no spiritual gravity.
That's a very healthy space to be in.
You always wake up happy.
Yeah, no, I've been going to sleep pretty happy.
But also like sucking your own cock, you wake up happy too.
I'm sure it's great.
Oh, man.
That's all I got to say.
Somebody raised their hand and now I'm terrified.
I am a double major in literature and film because of Dino.
Because of me?
Yes.
I don't even know what literature is.
Never read in my life.
That's why he has to be a double.
It was literally...Moral Oral was the reason that I got my double major.
You know, I wrote Moral Oral but I never read it after I wrote it.
That is super fine.
No, literally I used Moral Oral to fight.
I went to a business school.
So you couldn't do a double major in anything that wasn't both business and something else.
And so I wanted to do a media and literature major.
And Moral Oral was the reason that I was the first person who was able to do that.
Wow. Well, thanks.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Very nice.
Give me that microphone back.
No, that's very nice.
Do you have more to say?
Oh, boy.
Don't bore him.
You're a Moral Oral fan.
You got a lot of pressure now.
No, no, I'm just saying like...
Oh, yeah, we get it.
You love me.
Thank you.
What's your name?
Alex.
Yeah, Alex.
That's very nice.
That's my starburns name, you know.
I have a double major.
You have a double major?
Thank you.
But we weren't talking about sucking your own dick.
He raised his hand.
How else do you think about a double major?
We were talking about it with one of your heroes, but unless it's me, it doesn't make
sense.
Alex, have you ever...
Eric, give it back.
Give it back.
Have you ever dreamed about sucking your own dick?
Have you ever dreamed about sucking my dick?
Yes, you have.
Yes, and yes.
All right.
Okay.
See, for me, the real double whammy is having a flying dream about sucking my own dick.
Oh, my God.
That would be amazing.
That would be too much.
That seems very non-aerodynamic.
That's the dream you have right before you die.
Exactly.
You're flying along with a superman, and you're like, oh, I'm turned on, and you double
over to suck your dick, and you become just a rock and fall.
You become Sonic the Hedgehog, don't you?
So are you now periscoping because you always make fun of me and you say you're Facebook
Live-ing?
Yeah, I switched over to Facebook Live.
Yeah, why don't you yell at them?
Do you know this person, or did you just enlist this person to hold your periscope?
He's just a super nice guy, right, sir?
Super nice guy.
Periscope yourself.
Guys.
Ugh.
Facebook Live.
Wait, so you just put it back on us.
Thank you.
Do you think, I mean, would it feel, would it, we always make that joke, like, oh, if
we could, if a guy could get-
It would be the best bowl job in the world.
And would it-
Do you know exactly, it's like masturbating.
You know exactly-
And would we be like, I'm like-
Someone once described giving someone else a hand job as brushing someone else's teeth.
What?
You're just holding the fucking phone.
Don't want me, you cunt.
Yeah, but you, you bring up the exact, I mean, this is in support of my, my counterpoint,
which is that we can touch ourselves with our hands, and, and that's precisely why it's
actually a lot more interesting when someone else touches us.
It's interesting, but not as good.
Well, they, they don't know how to do it before work.
You know, like-
You're like, oh, phony, phony.
But, but that's kind of what makes them so good at it.
I don't know, on a Saturday afternoon, like it's just like, hey-
I guess maybe you're into like, oh wow, yeah, this is bad.
It's like not me.
But bad is clumsy and clumsy is feeling around and figuring it out and figuring it out is
fun and like, like, like, like utility is just like, like, okay, yeah, I know how to sneeze.
I don't have that kind of time.
I'm on the go.
I know, but it's-
But well, so I'm just wondering, I mean, like, I don't-
You're on the go.
When I have a lot of drinking to do.
When another person is touching me sexually, I'm not sitting there thinking, this is great,
but I wish they, I wish they'd get out of here.
That's the difference between me and you.
So I could, so I could just like take over.
Unless things are going so horribly bad, either emotionally or physically, that it's like,
that's when you know, if you're like, oh my God, I'd rather, rather be alone right now.
But, but, but usually, even, even a person you're not terribly fond of, or, or isn't
even that great at it, like it's still better than, than another night of Minecraft breaks.
Louis once told me he woke up from, he woke up from like a sleep and his hand was asleep
and he hadn't been with a girl for a long time, so he just put it on his dick.
Right.
To make it feel like someone different.
Yeah.
It's like the, the dirty Sanchez, the stranger, the, the, make your hand go to sleep.
I was sitting with, what's his name?
His dad.
C.C. DeVille from Poison. I was at the Viper Room in C.C. DeVille from Poison.
I don't know how this came up, but he's like, yeah, Jeff, you ever tried the stranger?
Oh God.
I mean, this is what I'm saying.
Like, what are we doing?
What is this?
Is this a normal thing?
Yeah.
No, on sixth grade playgrounds.
Yes, it's a normal thing on sixth grade playgrounds.
The stranger.
It's like, that's what I said.
The dirty Sanchez, it's like, this is just, what is this?
All right, I didn't know.
We're just talking about.
I didn't know.
I don't yell at me.
I'm not yelling.
No, it's not, it's not a thing that people actually do.
Here's some rules again.
C.C. DeVille says he did it.
He's lying.
He's making a bad joke.
He said he got me through more than one lonely night, Jeff.
He was trying to make you laugh because he was insecure that he was hanging out with a comic.
Oh, all right.
He was trying to be funny.
Are you saying that C.C. is a liar?
Yeah.
I'm going to bring him on the show.
We're going to get to the bottom of this.
Great.
Well, can he not bring three friends and gas masks?
Oh, we got to the bottom of it.
And can there just be less fucking shit to fucking take care of?
This is one of the worst comic talks ever, right?
I think Mercury is in retrograde.
Mercury is in retrograde.
But you seem a little more edgy than I've seen you.
I've been in a bad mood most of the night.
I've had a really good week.
I've been having a really good couple of weeks.
Was it the text about Andy getting here?
Or did that put you in a bad mood?
No, everything.
What was that text?
Ever since I woke up in a bad mood.
We'll talk about it.
I woke up in a bad mood.
We can read those.
Do you want to read that conversation?
That might be kind of funny.
Well, let's go in order, Dan.
Why did you wake up in a bad mood?
I don't know.
Well, I think it's just because it's been an extraordinarily fun weekend.
We had a great, like, Star Wars Halloween party.
We hung out.
Like, it's just been good in general.
I've just been very happy dreaming of flying
and having a great time hanging out with Cody and stuff.
And weekends especially are like guilt-free, hangout time.
And now tomorrow's Monday.
And I just woke up in a bad mood.
So I was like, oh, tomorrow's Monday.
I'm going to do the show tonight.
And then I'm going to get out of that.
And I'm going to be tired.
And I'm still going to have work to do.
And I'm going to get up in the morning.
And it's just like...
I hate that you live for the weekend.
You used to not be like that.
Do you look forward to doing a lot?
Do you look forward to doing this show?
It's fine.
But I enjoy doing the show.
But when...
And I don't want to have deadlines anymore.
And then what do you do on Monday?
I don't really know what's up in your life these days.
Well, I don't even...
That's part of the reason I'm in a bad mood
is because it's shit that I can't even vent about.
Are you doing a new show right now?
It's shit I can't even go into detail about.
You can't even talk about it.
Because it's either violating an NDA
or it's pissing somebody off or all this shit.
And I just want out of that situation
where I can just be myself and be like...
I can just go,
Good day, bad day, bad day, here's why.
Good day, here's why.
But I can't...
I'm not bitching about it.
I'm certainly not.
Did you enjoy the Star Burns Halloween Party?
Yes.
Where Dana's band performed?
Yes, I loved it.
Very much.
That's part of why I'm so cranky this morning.
Because it was a fun weekend.
I was living my life the way I wish it always was.
You were literally dressed as Ferris Bueller who had a day off.
Yes.
All right.
So, and then today, this shit starts.
Well, so...
Okay, here's...
I started it.
Wait, which thread is it?
Is it...
It says...
Dustin, Steve, Dan and Dina.
Dustin, Steve and Dina.
Steve and Dina.
Okay, good, good.
Should Spencer read Spencer part?
So you guys want to just take it?
Why am I not in this group text?
Because we're trying to fool you.
If Andy texts you guys about when the show starts tomorrow,
tell him seven.
Okay.
Fair.
That's okay.
I'm okay with that.
So far, so good.
That's me.
I like...
Because you want me to do that, right?
Yes.
So then Steve Levy texts.
I'm slightly retarded.
This is yesterday at 8 p.m.
So Dina texts that, Steve Levy texts, ha, ha, okay.
And then Dan...
And I text...
Because I'm learning to use stickers.
Feel the burn.
And...
Like it's just a feel the burn sticker.
Because it's the first one I learned to use.
And then someone put a Mario hat sticker over that.
And then I put a pumpkin over that.
And then someone put a Mario mustache and a nose over that.
Anyway, there's a lot of stickers after that.
Yeah.
And then today I wrote with an exclamation mark.
Remember seven.
Because this is after I texted Andy and I said...
But in the meantime...
Be there at seven.
I texted at Ken Bone.
Remember seven exclamation points.
And Steve Levy said, got it.
And then today at 3.21 p.m. Dino said...
Can I sing a song tonight so I can plug our band's show on November 4th?
I didn't write November 4th, but I'm adding that.
Is your band here?
I.O.'s here.
Oh, then yes, I hope you do.
And I texted, do.
Yep.
Because I texted yep, but it auto corrected it to do for some reason.
Brown booze.
Do, yep.
And then Steve Levy, I think, put a sticker over that of a horse with a mohawk playing guitar.
That's animated.
See, I don't have that.
I don't have the right I.O.S.
And I said thanks and who's drinking at the drawing room now?
And I texted a Henry Winkler as the Fonz giving a thumbs up.
Because I, because I had texted do and then yep, and then I typed yep into the sticker
thing and came up with stickers when you get, when you're saying yep.
And so it's a Fonz going like that.
So far, so far, things are pretty friendly.
Everything, everyone's getting along.
Pretty friendly so far.
This is act one.
Yeah.
There's a lot of stuff about my guitar and which one I should bring that we don't have
to get into.
Why not?
It's going to be a very strange turn.
Well, I don't know about strange, but it's about you.
It's about you.
Is it mean?
Is it going to be mean?
Should I leave now?
No.
Don't.
Don't leave now.
But don't, but, but if you, but if you stay, don't, don't interrupt.
There's this.
So then, so then Dino says.
I say, Dustin or Steve, is it better to bring an acoustic or can I plug in an electric?
And then, and then, and then you.
I put a period and then I panicked and.
Added a question mark, which, which makes it look like you're looking at your watch waiting
for an answer.
But I just didn't want you to think I was dumb.
Steve, Steve Levy texted acoustic is better.
And then you said, okay, Steve Levy said, if I had to guess, and then Dustin, who's in
the conversation the whole time says.
Acoustic.
What is this sticker witchery?
Why have I fallen off as a millennial?
And then I texted a grumpy old man in a ball pit.
That's hilarious.
In a ball pit.
Yeah.
It's a grumpy, it's a grumpy old person in a.
It looks like a lady.
Because that's a Dustin.
I typed in like, get with it old man into like a sticker thing.
And then, and then, and then I said, that's you.
And I wrote ha ha ha.
Exclamation mark.
Cause I don't do LOL.
And then Dustin wrote, this is insane.
And then, okay.
So now I think we should skip over a lot of this.
It becomes a lot of stickers.
Cause people are now learning.
Oh, Frankenstein's there.
Yeah.
Gina says, look like I need to renew my telephone.
And there's like a cheese pizza dancing around it with a wizard cap.
And then I put Steve Levy's head.
And then Steve Levy says, Dino, Andy just asked me what time the show is.
Do I really say seven?
I don't like lying.
Okay.
So act two.
Right.
So Dustin says, yes, three exclamation points.
He will probably still be 30 late.
So Steve says, okay.
And I say, because I love my Levy, I say, but why not tell the truth and let him either
become a better person or go fuck himself?
And then, and then I, and then I, and then I realized I'm using the wrong language.
And I say, or forget even better person.
It's like he's late.
He misses the show.
Who cares?
You know?
Yeah.
And Dustin.
Andy, I think fair.
So all fair.
It's a bad habit.
Not a bad person.
Steve Levy says, I'll split the difference and tell him we get to the green room at 730.
I said, that seems truthy enough.
Dino says he wants.
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
He wants to be lied to.
He told me, which is true.
Right.
And Dustin says, Dino is his wrangler.
And I said, fine, leave us out of it.
Yeah.
And I, and I pictured it with that tone of voice too.
And then, and then Dustin says, I'll text him.
And I said, my Levy, no like he lie.
That's my only stake in this.
I love my son.
Steve Levy says, I already told him we all meet in the green room at 730.
Dustin says, and everyone on this thread is a bad person besides Levy.
And I wrote, I told him seven, but I knew he'd ask you too.
And then Dustin sends a gif of the Lion King cub.
Starting out happy, but getting sad.
But then looking confused and sad, I think.
And then, and then, and then a, and then a, is that a middle finger to Levy or just a number one?
I don't know.
I'm too old.
So then Dino says, it's not a lie if he likes it.
Just like it's not abuse if I like it.
Jesus, you pussies.
So then, and then Steve sends the emoticon, the emoji that's a guy like.
Yeah, the scaredy closed teeth guy.
Yeah, that's what I use when people tell me stuff where I'm supposed to give a smiley,
but I use it to simulate like my kind of like autistic tendencies.
I just like, do you want me to like tell you what I'm fishing, what you're fishing for?
So by the way, I'm writing all this while I'm driving.
So I'm not really reading everything correctly.
So I say, so now Levy lies and he'll, and he'll be late.
And Steve Levy says, I didn't lie.
And I say, I just go by high maintenance and low maintenance.
So one, I don't expect you guys to ever let us complicate such a simple matter for you ever again.
And two, Andy can't be on the show anymore.
Even the guy in the wheelchair just says, I'm in a wheelchair and has a guy that helps him.
We don't have to pretend he has legs and shit.
I haven't even done anything yet.
Well, you did a whole life's work of things.
So then I say, fine, more songs for me.
Exactly, I say.
And then Dustin says, understood and agreed.
And you also, the only podcaster has never been later canceled the show.
He says a bunch of stuff that's nice about me.
And then I say, I've never been later canceled.
And he says also true redacted. And then he says, thank you and whatever.
And all this.
And remember, the only thing I did is what time.
And then they said, we all meet at 7 30 in the green room.
And you've been late for the last 30 years.
What time did you get here tonight?
7 30.
And I was late for the first day.
No one else is here.
And here.
7 30 in the green.
We're not done.
Oh, there's more.
You know, tries the last word and says, I will say this.
I will say this.
A guy in a wheelchair appreciates a ramp.
And Andy appreciates being tricked into being on time.
Yes.
You had my back the whole time.
Thank you.
Maybe I should have said that from the beginning.
And I said, you were saying the whole time you didn't fail to make it clear.
Nor has Andy ever failed to make it clear that Andy needs everyone around him to become either dishonest or insane.
It's just not as easy for some of us to cross that threshold.
That's Levy's ramp and building it profits me more.
And then you say, I forget that we don't need all that stuff right now.
I think the only person I like in the story is Andy Dick.
He's the only victim.
It was an argument about accessibility.
Thank you.
Thanks for having my back the whole time.
Did I?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
I can't remember.
That was years ago.
He was here at 7.30 a lot.
But I was here afterward.
I just got off a plane and I drove straight to the drawing room because you guys said that you were both there.
Or that you guys were talking about being there.
I get there.
Dino showed me these texts and I said, it sounds like Dan might be in a kind of a grumpy mood today.
Like I didn't sound like the good mood Dan that you've been in like for the last little while.
Yeah.
So I was right about that.
Yep.
But that was just because you have the Sunday night blues because it's a school night.
Yeah.
So everything I'm filtering through like fuck everybody.
And it sounds like you really were just mad at me.
No, I'm not just mad at you.
Well, you were.
And I apologize.
I even apologize.
I was yelling at Dino for like telling us how to treat you.
I know.
That is weird.
I wasn't.
I was like, don't fucking.
I mean, I appreciate it.
Don't get me wrong.
But it is weird.
And I'd be lying if I said 90% of the shit doesn't start on.
We're like an old married couple.
We're like really.
You're so protective and sweet.
I don't think we're a married couple.
I don't think you're like my child and grandmother at the same time.
And most of the shit starts on Twitter with strangers because I'm like in the middle of
something with fucking strangers because I'll like.
Now we're getting to the bottom of it.
I'll tweet a link to an article and I'll be like, this guy did a good job writing this
and being thought and making people happy with trying to give us a different angle on
it.
And there's always one person that's just like some guy like like tweeted and responded
with like, oh yeah, it's a really interesting except he forgot to mention they're all racist.
And I was like, so read it again.
You never fucking read it.
And then he's like, I did read it again.
After reading again, I think a big boo boo boo.
And I was just like fucking with that.
I was arguing with that guy all day like in my head.
I was just like, you're a fucking piece of shit.
Like how can you use the word racist the way racist use the word race?
Like you're fucking like being like what was it?
It was an article about how the reason why the country is like going into the shitter is
because we long ago like we fucking like we just constructed it this way.
There's all these rural people perceive all the people in all the cities as being like
out of our fucking minds with no idea how reality works and vice versa.
And it was just this article written from a typical midwesterner who became a comedy
writer who's like, look, I would be one of those people if I hadn't successfully fled
to one of the, you know, hunger games metropolises where I started dressing funny and understanding
that edamame tastes good. I'm putting words in his mouth. It was from that perspective.
It was very thoughtful and very like funny and very concise.
It was just kind of like breaking down our mythology as a nation and how that is why it comes to this.
That is why when we scratch our heads and go like, oh shit, we got to, you know,
this is how a bunch of like fucking factory working white people all of a sudden see
themselves as underdogs and it's not all of a sudden and this is all happens.
And it's just like, yeah, but you forgot they're racist.
I'm like, that's going to solve everything. That's fucking great.
So they were born racist? Is there a fucking vapor in the, like, that's as dumb as
inciting with the split as anything else. It's never going to solve anything.
I just like hate that shit. You know that guy didn't read the fucking article.
All he's doing is expressing a fucking need to be attention.
It's like, he couldn't, oh, I'm not going to be a sycophant and just say, oh, it's a great article
and I'm not going to read it. That's for sure. I'm going to scan the headline
and then I'm going to fucking barf this shit up because I want to be smart today.
I was like, everyone wants to be smart. Fucking grow up, you dick. I got shit to do.
Don't fucking like, everybody else just didn't say anything or didn't read it
or didn't, you don't have to fucking do shit. You don't have to fucking respond.
You don't have to respond. Stop responding. You don't have to respond.
Blinking cursors cost nothing when you're making a web API.
That's why they provided for you. They don't actually think you have anything of value to say.
And you don't a lot. You don't. Just say you're happy or sad.
Use your I statements. I am sad, glad, happy, scared, jealous.
I hope. I fear. No one can argue with their feelings.
They will love you if you feel it and express it.
But then you say shit. Forty-five percent of the police,
if they ever said it, you don't know anything.
You're not a scientist. You're not Nova. You're just racist or not racist.
You're just a fucking dickhead. Stop knowing shit and just feel something.
Just say, I'm scared. Everyone will be like, oh my God, he's scared.
You make a good point. Remind me never, never.
Just remind me never to ask you for any favor ever.
Did that trick trip your bad mood or that triggered you to get into the state?
I got shit that I'm not doing that I need to be doing so I feel like a bad person.
So I wake up hating myself. I wake up going, fuck, I fucked up again.
I got shit to do. You need more blowjob dreams.
Real quick, I just have this ability to not engage in people that might upset me like that.
Yeah, you're probably like the king of this.
I just don't engage. I think, is it possible that as a tactic to put things off
and not do whatever this secret thing is you're going to be doing tomorrow,
do you engage with that because you know there's no point in that and cookie collecting and everything else.
Yes, yes, yes. I play games that are designed to suck my time and that is a thing I used to suck my passion.
You're so overworked that Steve Levy is afraid, like this is a story from the other day,
he was afraid to come up to you and just sign a few papers and he's like, sorry Dan,
can you just sign a few things and you were sitting back and playing a video game
and he's like, do you mind signing a few of these and you said, well I'm not going to lean over.
Like he put them right there and they had to move them like three inches closer.
Oh my God.
Citizen Kane, you're much like pundits who read rap lyrics aloud on CNN.
You're leaving out my self-awareness.
I'm willing to hear that and we talked about it, but I had to go for the laugh.
I know, but it's like, but then someone goes like, what a gross monster you are.
I'm like, well, yeah, but it was funny.
I asked him in the car later, I'm like, that was kind of supposed to be a joke, right?
And he's like, yeah, it's a joke.
I was very serious about refusing to lean forward.
I have a political stance about it.
No, I was like, what the sincere part of it was that I was letting him know,
because he was saying, is this a bad time?
And I was like, well, I'm not going to say it's a bad time because I'm playing a video game,
but I will be just honest and say, I don't want to fucking like,
honestly, I'm like being a big fat pig right now.
And I can't say that I'm fighting inner city crime.
So it's not a bad time.
I'm not feeding the hungry.
I just am so fat and so sad and tired.
Here's what's going to happen and here's what's not going to happen.
I wasn't like Scott Rudin throwing an ashtray and going like, stop making me lean forward.
From now on, no leaning.
I'm so glad most of us are sad and tired.
Jeff, you can learn a few things from this.
Mr. Everything's Great.
It is.
You know my secret?
All that core work of leaning over and sucking my own dick.
Yeah, that's the price I pay.
I'm not going to leave for it.
So even in my dreams, I never get to suck my own dick.
It starts with a simple action and then your dreams get bigger.
You're like, Dan, will you suck your own dick?
Well, I'm not going to lean over.
I'm going to have to.
I don't know what else I can do for me.
The dick is going to have to move the mountain to Muhammad.
I like a typical midwesterner.
I then take that information and I go,
and probably if you sucked it too much, it'd stop meaning anything.
That's kind of the Wisconsin why I'm not living in California argument.
Yeah, wow.
Those guys are going to fall in the ocean.
You can't go out to a place where the freeways are four lanes wide,
where everyone speaks Spanish.
You're going to die out there.
I'll stay right here and freeze to death.
I'm happy.
I can't feel my fingers because I'm deliriously happy.
You got a big shrugger.
You got a big shrugger in the front row.
It just took my attention a little bit.
It's probably a skull juice fan.
Dan, what can we do?
Maybe the answer is nothing because you have to...
To cheer me up.
If you've got this burden, I know how that feels.
I get panicked if I have to go pick up my dry cleaning in the morning.
I have a bad night's sleep.
I think we have to just sell the studio.
We just got to go away.
No, you don't understand.
All the shit that you're thinking of running the studio stuff,
it's the shit that's up to actually me.
It's my old life where I'm like,
oh, I'm supposed to be a Jedi.
Here's where I pick up a lightsaber and do the thing I'm supposed to be good at.
My therapist said,
I told her the story of how I was block-rating.
That's one thing.
She was like,
so in other words, the old Dan,
that guy doesn't work anymore.
You can't just say,
I'll take that and I'll be back.
I'm going to write it.
That guy was dying season six of Community.
That's why the season wasn't much better than five or three or anything like that.
And yet I was still setting records sleeping on my couch
because it was like,
why is this show so hard?
That fuel tank was empty of like,
oh, I'm a torture genius and all this stuff.
And the guy who's delegating to people
and collaborating with people during normal working hours
and then spending his time at home in bed being happy watching Netflix,
that guy is fine and doing well
and has a bunch of things to do,
but that guy works it all into his schedule.
But then the fucking dumb asshole that was like,
I'll write this one.
I'm like, you're never fucking idiot.
Every time I either run into you
or hear about what's going on with you,
you have 9,000 projects going on right now.
I give a lot of stuff.
For me, any one of those things would be enough
to make me have bad sleep.
Yeah, so I...
I mean, I'm a lazy guy because like,
literally, if I have to...
all I have to do is get in the plane tomorrow
and go do improvisation somewhere
where I don't have to carry any gear
or do any rehearsal or know anything
and can be half drunk.
I still have anxiety dreams about missing the plane.
I actually have anxiety when I wake up
and I'm like, God, I have to be at the drawing room at 12.
Seriously.
Are you serious?
Yeah, like, I'm like, I got to get there by 12.
Because they miss you, you think, or what?
I just need... I love being there.
But why do you feel like you have to be there?
Because 12 was when they threw out all the people
that got there at 6
who would do a coke on their own.
Yeah, I mean, it's a good... it's a sweet spot time.
It's really...
By policy, because now there's so many after hours.
I don't know if it's about them,
although I do feel like they like me.
They do love you. They love you.
But the old days of the old alcoholics
that used to go in there,
some of them have dropped dead.
Some of them have left town.
Yeah, I remember going to the funeral
of the first one that dropped dead.
It was heavy because I was like,
okay, you know, we talked a lot
and I had some funny stories.
Who are you talking about?
It's this guy you won't even remember.
He was at the rustic... not that old.
I felt like about my age back then.
Yeah, and he would always come in
and drink a glass of wine
and tell funny stories
and I remember having a lot of funny stories about him
and I thought, I'll go there
and tell his family, you know.
And I go to the funeral
and everyone's crying
and his body's there
and then I hear,
oh yeah, he just drank too much
and all my stories are from the rustic inn,
the bar.
So I felt like I'd have to walk up and say,
yeah, I was his drinking buddy, you know.
The guy, I helped kill him.
So I just kind of like,
just backed up and walked out of the church
and went home.
I didn't meet anyone.
But you stopped going to the rustic
and now you go to the drying room.
Yeah, not because of him though, but...
How many people from the bar's funerals
have you not even gone to,
but just known have happened?
Oh, well yeah, I guess at this point,
like 10, 12, yeah.
I only went to the first one though.
But I guess if we hung out at a laundromat,
we'd have 12 laundromat funerals.
There's one guy that I've been going to...
Especially if people drank the laundry detergent.
We can't be blamed for that.
I just turned 43,
but I think I've been going to the drying room,
like a rustic, like near when I was on a fake ID.
That's how long.
And there was a guy that I thought was going to be dead
in a year or two back then.
And he's still alive, but this guy has a glass eye.
And one of the bartenders was there one time
where he sneezed and his glass eye flew out of his head,
went bouncing across the bar and landed like in the well.
And she found it and he was like looking around for it.
And that was his good eye.
She gave it to him in a cocktail napkin.
He put it in his mouth, like cleaned it up with his saliva,
stuck it back in his head.
And he's still with us to this day.
He's like, he's gonna...
Really?
Wow.
97% of him.
Do you know there's a guitar here?
Do you want to...
Sure.
Do you want to get sucked by it?
Do I want to what?
You said I was going to fuck you earlier.
Oh, right.
That was a joke.
But I mean...
If she wants to fuck me, she can.
I don't care.
Oh, I didn't know.
It was a little lady.
What's her name, Dina?
Dustin, you said you were going to help me here.
What happens?
Dustin Marshall, everybody.
Thanks, Dustin.
What are the best, Dustin Marshall?
The only time I've ever seen Dustin not wearing his headphones
is when he's doing the podcast.
You think this would be a podcast like Headphone Central?
No?
No, it needs to be connected with what's really going on.
I don't think they're this long.
I got you.
Or maybe Andy could be going.
Spencer, while this is happening...
Spencer, do you play an instrument, Spencer?
Have you ever picked up a guitar or a piano or anything?
Oh, yeah, I play everything.
Now, do you ever have any lessons?
Did you ever try it?
Andy wants to hold it.
Yeah, I teach lessons.
Did you ever have lessons?
No, I didn't need them.
I was just an instant genius.
Spencer, I don't like your attitude right now.
A lot of people don't.
It's intimidating.
No, she doesn't...
I'm getting a lot of pushback right now.
However, Spencer, I think we filled that time perfectly.
I hope so.
We'll find out.
Spencer and I have a new podcast called Nothing Gets Accomplished.
Everybody stays real safe.
I wish I had a stand.
You want a stand?
No, it's nice.
Andy's being very nice.
Does it stand right next to you?
No, no, Andy wants to do this.
So, okay, all right.
So, this is a song that...
My band, so we have a band, we have a show on...
The reason I don't have a stand
is because I feel like now I could turn my head.
Okay.
I'm on it.
Wait, can't we just...
What if I hold the mic that Andy's holding?
Yeah, there's a clue in here.
We got it, we got it.
Whoo!
It was not working out.
Oh, yeah.
All right, so...
Don't really laugh at this.
Here goes, bye.
On November 4th...
I keep saying November 4th,
but I don't know where it is.
Do you know where it is?
No.
I'll try and say it after.
Before you start singing,
I was going...
I have one question for Dan Harmon.
Oh, perfect.
I've been wanting to ask...
This isn't awkward.
All night.
No, it's not.
I know.
It's...
I just...
The only one that feels awkward, I think,
is me, because this is such a great party
and atmosphere, and he drinks,
and you're drinking, and you're...
All right.
Everyone's drinking,
and I see 40 answers.
We should talk about that a little bit.
Well, there's no...
I don't really need to talk about it,
because I think about it all day and night,
but I have a question, Dan Harmon.
Maybe I've asked you before,
but if I did, I don't remember the answer.
Will...
Do you think that I will be able to,
at some point,
responsibly drink again?
We talked about this last podcast.
I don't remember the answer.
No!
Ow!
I didn't ask you.
I got punished by just...
By God.
I think I have my answer.
Got my answer.
That's a reminder that I don't remember the words.
I wouldn't...
I need to fix that.
Do you need the words?
No, I don't need words.
No.
Well, let's talk...
Why don't you listen to Dino's song?
No, let's talk about this.
This is more interesting.
And then you can tell me after the song.
Alright, well, then I'm going to change it.
I'm going to sing a song about drinking.
I'm going to do it.
Oh, I never should have gone brown.
I think I saw you on the way down.
Turn my smile upside down.
Never should have gone brown.
Don't clap.
It really fucking throws me off.
I'm glad you said that.
Because I feel so grumpy and I...
I thought no one's going to want to take orders from me.
What do you want me to do?
No, I wanted to say don't clap.
Because they're doing it for the best possible world.
They think, well, no, they're very nice.
They think I'm a musician, though.
But then it's...
I'm like, I don't know what to do with that.
It spreads through the ironic cancer of everyone going like,
well, if they're clapping, I should...
I want to do the right thing, too.
And then it's like, oh, isn't everyone's clapping?
Yeah, and then they throw down their chairs and dance.
I don't want that.
That's why the worst thing, like, you go to karaoke
and sometimes they have a tambourine.
No, just fucking...
The tambourine is a harder instrument to play
than you think it is.
It's loud and you have to have time
and you don't fucking have time.
So put the goddamn tambourine down.
All right, is there another microphone stand?
Oh, this'll be really spontaneous.
Oh, they don't even know.
Don't worry about it.
He just wants you to not worry about it.
Thank you.
Thank you, Jeff Davis.
Oh, I never should have gone brown
Think I saw you on the way down
Turn my smile upside down
What's going on?
I'm not a musician.
Jeff's doing physical comedy.
I was like the guy in the recording booth.
The guy was like...
We've got to get more mids in the front.
We've got enough bottom end on this.
Dino, let's take it again. Just try and relax a bit.
Okay, yeah.
All right, we're rolling.
Let's go.
Is it on?
One, two...
Oh, I never should have gone brown.
Let's take it one more time from the top.
I feel you've pushed a little hard on that one, Dino.
I know, I know. I'm trying to get that...
Can I get the four hertz mega thingy?
Okay, what number are you on?
Take three, take three, rolling.
Oh, I never should have gone brown.
It's supposed to be a sad song and I'm laughing.
Oh, I never should have gone...
Are you sick of that line yet?
Guess what? I never should have gone.
And I know everyone's thinking Dino's a racist.
He's talking about black women.
This is not...
All right, take 11, take 11.
Coming up, take out.
I love black women. I would kill for one.
I just gotta quit saying nigger once in a while.
Oh, I never should have gone brown.
Did you see me on the way down?
Turn my smile upside down.
Never should have gone brown.
Never should have drunk from that cup.
Turn my frown right side up.
Do I regret it? Yup.
Never should have drunk from that cup.
When I was young, didn't need booze.
Wasn't accustomed to watch myself lose.
Back then I had the luxury to choose.
Oh, brown booze.
Brown booze, brown booze, brown booze.
Brown booze, brown booze.
Brown, brown, brown booze.
Brown booze, brown booze, brown booze.
Brown booze.
Okay, that's enough.
I deserve to be your clown.
Think I saw you.
I look purple.
I was on the rocks out of town.
Never should have gone brown.
Andy Dick on the slide whistle.
That is the best version of that.
I think we've got a fucking hit, mate.
We've got a fucking hit.
God damn it, I love that thing so much.
You really think that's it, right?
I think it's pretty.
I would say that's the funniest slide whistle has been in a hundred years.
That was a very good slide whistle solo.
I agree, I agree.
And also we shouted down a spontaneous...
Yeah, a clapping thing.
That was the best.
Maybe it was perfunctory at the beginning,
but then when it was right and natural, that's when it came together,
and it was a slide whistle that was the key to that fucking door.
I know, if I can't be thrown off by that motherfucking thing,
I gotta be thrown off by that thing.
We brought it home and we broke all our own rules
in the fourth quadrant of a perfectly circular story.
Dan?
Come on.
Don't worry, Andy.
I'll explain it to you later.
You still seem grumpy.
That wasn't enough to lift your spirits?
Well, I'm in the phase now where I regret my grumpiness.
I'm like, I'm steeping in shame and kind of running over the evening.
I think this is the best Harmontown ever.
Don't clap, it's throwing me off.
We're in that third quadrant where you tell people not to clap,
you're telling yourself you shouldn't have been what you're doing,
and then there'll be some sort of release at some point, right?
You'll become the master of both worlds.
Yeah, I just forgot in that text conversation
how many people would get thrown out of the bus,
including apparently the differently abled, like...
You should hear our skull juice.
We make fun of blind people.
It's hilarious.
That's fine.
I don't think there's anything that should be verboten.
I just like for my own personal tastes of how I'd like to be perceived.
Your taste should be verboten.
My tastes are verboten.
Dino, Dino, so in that song,
because I know you drink and you drink vodka,
so with that song,
you feel like maybe you should never have gone brown.
Yeah, I drank...
Well, the first time I went brown, I literally...
Like tequila was.
I have a story about it.
It was Scotch.
The first time I went brown, I was at Little Dom's,
and I wasn't joking at all during any of this.
I got up to leave and stumbled and fell,
and everyone said,
are you all right to get home?
And I said, no, no, don't worry, I'm not walking.
And you weren't trying to be funny.
I wasn't, but I was like W.C. Fields.
I wish I was writing for that guy.
So you and Dan and Dino are both like straight up vodka drinkers.
But sometimes, Dino, you will drink brown liquor still.
When I feel sick, I feel like that's medication for me.
I used to drink brown liquor.
I was a Glenn Levitt man,
but I started drinking vodka after I became friends with you.
That's right.
Just a trivia fact.
I mean, it's not really...
It's not like a weird thing.
It's pretty...
It shouldn't be trivia.
It should be.
You should put it on a fucking billboard.
And...
You have a like...
Kettle One calls you up on your birthday.
Yeah.
And they don't send me...
They really do.
Oh, man, they love them.
And they don't even know I'm alive.
Andy, a serious question.
I know you've been sober for a good long time now.
Does this kind of conversation bum you out?
No, I'm just waiting patiently for the answer.
It's never going to happen.
No, I'm asking Dan.
Oh, do you...
Look, I mean, I think, like Dino says, we talked about...
Like, Dino and I, the only responsible answer we can take...
No, I wouldn't try it.
I don't think so.
You're so great right now.
I think there's a biology to it.
No, you don't know how I feel.
I don't feel great.
And I got sick all week,
and I used to think I would get sick because I'd be a drinker.
I was a drinker.
Yeah, well, you get sick no matter what.
Yeah, so...
It's called being a human.
So why can't I, you know, especially after two years, you know,
try to drink responsibly alone?
Because you've tried it before and it gets on a hand.
And because this is a research thing about how it works and stuff,
and there's just some unfortunate people in my heart
fucking bleeds for them, and I...
And we're having the best time doing this podcast.
You are.
You're not?
You don't like it?
Yes, I do.
But I have more fun.
This is the most fun I have.
Ron Funches can't drink because he has an alcohol allergy.
Like, he's barely ever gotten drunk.
Who?
This guy I know named Ron Funches.
Don't get jealous of him.
I'm going to talk about him for a second.
Like...
He can't drink because he has an alcohol allergy.
He found that out in high school taking his first drink.
He never got to have fun on booze, but...
Well, what does that mean? He has an allergy.
He probably just got super fucking drunk.
No, it doesn't mean that at all.
It means his throat closed up and he almost died.
I didn't know what the fuck was going on.
And all his friends were going,
you pussy, you pussy, because he didn't know it
because it wasn't a thing that was understood.
Is he Asian?
No, he's black.
Okay.
If he was Asian...
I feel like Andy...
There's people in the world that can't drink.
The world isn't fair genetically.
This should be a new drinking game.
Give excuses why someone shouldn't drink.
And then every time Andy says,
gives another excuse why he should,
we should all drink.
I don't think Andy is allergic to alcohol.
I think that you're allergic...
My throat does not close up.
You're allergic to being ignored is where you are.
Your soul closes up.
Everything closes up.
I've seen it.
You're one of those folks.
You asked me.
That's my honest appraisal.
But you've only caught me at the tail end
when things are super shitty.
Yes, you're right.
I think he caught you at the tail head also.
No, I don't think so.
My thing was going to be,
one drink you're not allergic to,
it's the fourth drink that you're allergic to,
and then you become Mr. Hyde.
You stop being the Andy that we like,
and then you start becoming...
Perfect, so I'll drink three.
I don't want to engage just logically for that reason.
Now we're looking towards a solution.
That's what I want.
This is what I want.
This is more constructive.
I think I could do things like that.
I'm so proud of you right now,
because I know that you were doing a bit,
that you know how funny it is,
and I know it's coming from an actual pain of how much you wish
that you could have a drink.
I used to smoke, and sometimes I miss smoking,
and different people do different shit,
and some of those people can do things,
and I meet people who can smoke one cigarette at a party
once a month when they've had three cocktails,
and then you meet other people who have a hollow leg
with drinking, and other people who have...
You meet people who have high cholesterol,
no matter how much oat brand they eat,
and it's just not fucking fair.
But it's not about getting all fucked up or anything.
You know that feeling that you have after one glass of wine,
or a couple of vodka's, or whatever it is,
and then there's just more...
It's a warm drink.
I know, you miss it, but I'm just saying.
It's the reason why you drink,
the same reason I would drink, and I love it.
But then once that...
But that's why I'm proud of you,
because you miss it that much,
and you're able to have self-awareness,
and you know you're doing a bit right now called...
I'm not doing a bit.
I know you're not lying.
I'm just saying you're drawing humor from the fact that you have...
He's not even smiling.
That you have that craving.
This is deadly, sir.
It's frightening.
I thought I could come to you.
I thought you would have an answer.
Yes, I'm sorry.
The answer I'm looking for,
something about where I can drink again.
But Andy, is this a bad time to plug my band's show?
Where's it at, by the way?
It's at the California Institute of Abnormals.
Oh, it is?
In Culver City?
In Burbank.
Oh, that place, oh yeah.
Yeah, 11...
How do you say this number?
11334?
It's a big number.
I played there once.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, shit.
Is it good?
Pretty cool venue.
Yeah, it's from the Olympics.
Burbank Boulevard, North Hollywood, California, 91601.
Never should have gone brown.
See, it's catchy.
When's the show?
His band is...
What time?
When's the show?
November 4th.
And his band is...
No, November 5th.
Sorry, Saturday.
No.
Saturday, November 5th.
We probably go on around, I don't know, like 10, something like that.
He's got great musicians.
He's got this great female and his guitar players.
She's right here.
I.O. is right here.
Yeah, she doesn't want to stand up.
The drummer is great.
Everybody's so great.
Every of this, like you've got talented musicians.
I got the best musicians ever.
And I'm the worst.
I can't say...
You are the worst.
Yeah.
But you're so adorable and you write great lyrics.
Yeah, you're so adorable.
You are.
It's a great show.
And can I...
Yeah, you can come and play Slide Whistle.
Okay.
Oh, are you kidding me?
Yes.
Yeah, you can play Slide Whistle.
Thank you.
For one song.
Yeah, I know.
A real long one.
Okay.
We'll do our Grateful Dead version.
Version.
Okay, because I hate the Grateful Dead.
I hate the Grateful Dead, too.
Fuck the Dead.
You know what?
The thing about you guys that makes you such a dynamic, like, podcasting duo...
Tell us more.
Oh, wait.
You didn't tell us once.
It's the fact that your opposites in many ways, like Dino, your dark-haired...
Andy, you're quite blond.
Andy has a huge cock.
Dino...
Dino's cock is known as the quarter inch of chaos.
Chaos!
I mean, Dino, you drink, and you have a hollow leg, and Andy, you stop drinking.
But also, one of you has a beard, and one of you is very well-shaven.
Which is which?
I'm just saying, Dan, it's time to shoehorn one of our ads into a garbage dump.
I really fell for it.
Is it opposites underwear?
It's that razor thing.
Dollar Shave Club, they give you razors.
They deliver them to you a third of the cost.
If you go there right now, Dollar Shave Club slash Harmontown.
The first month is free, and my burden is done.
I don't have to do any reason to deal with the drug store hassle again!
Deal with the fortress of the razors!
Holy shit, Spencer's here!
Dollar Shave Club!
Wait, is that Breffi from the Doris to Forrest?
I can't help it!
No, I don't think so.
I can't do any of those voices anymore.
I'm just so excited I never have to deal with that razor for the kid.
Hi, Spencer.
Hey, guys.
I'd like to talk about Dollar Shave Club 2.
Because I'm a little baby razor.
Baby razor, what do you have to say?
Well, I'm glad you asked.
Yo, baby razor in the house.
I shave more than a mouse, because they don't have a lot of hair,
or a lot of surface area.
On their bodies.
I'm gonna shave so much.
I got body dotties.
I went to Dollar Shave Club dot com slash Harmontown.
They sent me a box that brought my shaving around.
I got some cream and some blades, and I ran them down my face,
and didn't get aids.
That's not a selling point.
You can see how the alternative would be a...
Dollar Shave Club promises you won't get aids.
100% aids.
At least for the first time.
Or your money back.
I don't even have to check on that.
Yeah, we checked the...
There's the fact-checking department.
Yeah, they said that's fine.
They can back that up.
You won't get...
They'll give you your money back if...
If you get aids from the...
Yo, let me see if I can do this better.
Because I'm sleepier, so I can take longer to rhyme words.
My name is Sleepy Rapper.
I am like a flapper.
I'm from the 20s, and I am free.
I wanna shave with me.
With me?
That took so long to get there.
You had eight full seconds to think of a better rhyme.
What a shave with me.
First I run the blade down the left cheek,
Then I go up my albums, I will take a peek.
I go around the chain, uh-oh,
I didn't get cut though,
Cause I went to save club though.
If this episode isn't called, I wanna shave with me.
I'm gonna be really mad.
Dollar saved with me,
I got a dollar saved club,
Saving eyes can be.
First, my face had too much hair,
And I got a box and I went over there,
And I took the blade,
And I put the cream on my face,
Now I'm running around,
Smooth smooth-ass face,
Smooth face,
No matter what race,
If I'm Asian or Caucasian,
Or if I'm brown and Mexican,
I got a smooth face,
No matter what my race,
No matter what my gender,
Cause it's a poly, polymorphous word.
With race, with race, with race, with race.
Well, alright, alright.
Well, give me some acoustic guitar to go with.
I'm really good at this.
Yo.
Dollar saved club is the thing for me,
I got a box last week and I'm saving as can be.
Got a straight razor or a jillet,
Probably not.
I don't use those brands I bet,
But if you put their cream on your cheeks, you can walk around for seven weeks without
any hair growing, but that's not guaranteed.
But if you get age, all your money will be retrieved few.
Go to dollarshaveclub.com slash Armand Town, your first month is free.
I think it's a pretty bold stance that it's the only online razor company that guarantees
you won't get age from their products.
I mean, oh, I thought they would guarantee you'd never get AIDS ever.
Well, they're still working on that.
Okay.
Right now, they're just guaranteeing that their products are AIDS-free.
Yeah, that's not that good, but okay.
Maybe I'll buy them.
I mean, Gillette, those other razor companies, they test on animals, like that's where you
get the AIDS.
I'm not sure, and I think Gillette actually guarantees you get AIDS, right?
Gillette says roll the dice.
That's why their slogan is the best a man can get.
They're like, look, you're in God's crosshairs when you wake up in the morning.
You think we're going to make that better for you or a fucking razor company?
This is it.
This is the life you didn't choose.
We make things that cut people and make people bleed, and so fucking, what do you want from
us?
You should be honored to know us, the only people in the razor business that aren't making
weapons.
We're not saying Gillette gives you AIDS.
We're saying they don't care if you get it or not.
No, we do care a lot, but we can't prevent you getting it.
Oh, are you Gillette?
Yeah, I'm Gillette.
I'm the Gillette spokesman.
Who are you, Andy?
Do you think Gillette, when they test the razors on animals and do we know that they
do?
That they shave a whole monkey, and then what would a bald, fully bald monkey look like
me?
I happen to know the answer to this, Andy.
They only have to shave three, eight inch strips off of a monkey.
By their balls or what?
Which part?
Any part.
Does the shaver get to pick?
The shaver gets to pick?
I'm looking for a job.
Why not work for Dollar Shave Club?
Well, they don't have AIDS there.
What's the fun?
Is your guys' shave company the one that...
Are you reaching for America right now?
Right now?
Yes.
When I hear at the end, I think I've heard them say, do you know why we are able to provide
razors so cheaply?
And then the answer is, because we own the factory.
Is that right?
Is that the same company?
I think that's a different company.
Yeah, what a weird brag.
I don't know.
That's their thing.
Is that the same one?
We exploit everyone.
I don't think so.
I think that's a company that I don't want to say.
So there's competing...
I guess there are.
Nowadays competing companies because beards are so...
I have a question that's not on our copy.
It's very male-centric with the executive blade and for guys who get this movie.
Is it for ladies, too?
Oh, yeah.
Are there other...
A woman uses a Dollar Shave...
Oh, yeah.
You do.
Have you ever gotten AIDS?
They're satisfied customers.
Oh, no.
Dollar Shave?
Absolutely.
And they're 11th, AIDS-free month.
I will say that.
I mean, you change like shit, but you don't get AIDS.
Can I say this in a meta, in a...
Just be meta for...
Are we not meta enough right now?
At the risk of alienating our relationship with a sponsor, just to speak outside the
box as a person who... Their copy is so... It's not very... They don't have a lot of
information out there that's really brings the fucking nitty-gritty.
They really do just say...
Do what you want.
We'll say what you want.
I'm sure there's like...
Meundies is like, look, here's the deal and it lays everything out.
They've thought about this.
Why should I order underwear from a box and I just want the Dollar Shave people?
No, they're confident.
Or, okay.
Or lazy.
But they're confident.
Then why are they buying underwear?
Who's the guy out there?
What's your name madam out there who uses Dollar Shave club razors?
I'm Michelle.
Michelle?
And you order these online?
I do.
Because of Harmontown or previously?
It's been a year or two.
Really?
Where do you shave exactly?
No, I have a reason.
Can you unzip my pants, Andy?
Oh boy.
No, no, seriously.
Dina, Dina, don't trump her.
Let's...
All right, hear it.
But you enjoy... are they good?
I've never used one.
You think after three weeks or more of doing ads for these people that I would be kind
of a member of the Dollar Shave club?
Oh, they haven't sent you anything?
They haven't sent me shit.
They sent it to Dan.
I have a box they sent to me, but what am I going to do here?
Well, give some to Jeff.
If I shave, I'm going to look like the worst advertisement for humanity, let alone a shaving
club.
Well, you come get my box.
I will say this.
Since we started doing these ads, Gillette sent me a bag of AIDS, and I thought...
Now that's a good Ad for Dollar Shave Club.
Now we've done our bit.
We should just start...
Yeah, let's just start swiftboating Gillette.
Why couldn't that be the last sentence in this fucking podcast?
We'll get back to your drinking momentarily.
It's all going to be okay.
Don't shame me.
He was giving a creative note.
He was saying that would have been a good ending.
Gillette gave me a bag of AIDS.
Good night, everybody.
We'll meet you at the lawsuit.
Our next show...
I'm not saying that Gillette...
They just said Gillette on the return address, it could have been anybody.
It could have been Penn Gillette.
It could have been people from Dollar Shave Club, in the same way that the Republican
headquarter has got firebombed, probably by Republicans.
I'm not saying Dollar Shave Club goes out and sabotages Gillette by sending you AIDS
in the mail, but the jury is still out on that.
What do you feel about the very well understood and very impressive democratic response of
flooding in money and going, here's democratic money to repair your place?
That also doesn't make it seem like Democrats didn't fire...
You know what I mean?
If that's your...
Doesn't it seem like that's that effort to go...
I know it's like, yes, because we're the party that believes in charity.
I don't want to say charity, but look, your place got firebombed.
Here's some money, but that kind of does make it seem, doesn't it?
I'm not saying the people that are sending money bombed at the...
You're right.
I am drunk.
I don't understand.
Doesn't it make it seem like Democrats bombed it when all of the Democrats go, and here's
some money?
It's kind of like, that would be a such a fuck you move.
There's a set fire to the place, and then go, why don't you get yourself a new fucking
place too?
Yeah.
Go ahead.
That's 69 and 10 o'clock, hey, we did it, everyone!
The telethon is over!
Deena, give us one more song.
I know, we're closing it out.
Closing it out with some more music.
All right.
Also come to New York Comedy Festival.
Yeah, and Australia.
Just come to Australia.
We're doing it.
We're doing...
Our dates up on any website where you can see where we are traveling because now we're doing these road gigs all the time
No, we we we got to get more we got to get more explicit about the Australian
I don't want to call Australian tour. Are we touring Australia? Or are we just going to the city?
Doing a couple places under
Yeah, Sydney opera house. We're playing the city in my band to open up for you. Sure. It's Sydney opera house
We're also doing four nights already sold out Hollywood Bowl
No, I made that up fucking words
I will support every misery you've got I will support every blue I
Will support every sagging thing I will support you
I
Will defend every dream you have I will defend every truth
I will defend every lie if I have to I
Only one person clap
That's it down cuz I'm in love with the guy. I'm not that gay, but I'm in love with the guy
No, I'm not straight. Yes. I'm fine
That's it down
I met him in a restaurant. I thought he was a girl, but I was pleasantly surprised my curiosity was stirred
I talked to a transvestite and she told me where he worked
Oh
That's it down
Don't stand up for all those things you stood before
Don't stand up for any of that bullshit anymore
Don't stand up. Look, there's a nice chair. I found
That's it down
Well my adolescent days I return it to my blood and my blood is filling up my veins to change the way I love I
Was 12 years old when I started playing rough
Girls were scarce and we were scared when I covered up our love for them our lust for us was bared
I suppose those feelings stuck. I guess they were always there. I
Made him do bad things. I made him be my slave and I would punish him when he misbehaved
Then he and I would switch cuz it was all just a game
Dad sit down
Don't stand up for all those things stood before
Don't stand up for any of that bullshit anymore
Don't stand up. Look, there's a nice chair. I found
Dad sit down
Well, I thought that I would tell you dad cuz you're getting kind of old
There's not a lot. I've shared with you not a lot. I've told but now that I look in your eyes
I think I may have been too bold
I will support every misery you've got I will support every blue I
Will support every sagging thing. I will support you
I will defend every dream you have I will defend every true
I will defend every lie if I have to
I will defend I will defend
That I'll defend
That sit down cuz I'm in love with a guy
I'm in love. Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody
Spencer Kretendon
Dino Stamatopolous Andy Dick
I'm Jeff Davis your mayor of crisis Mr. Dan Harmon
Thank you all for coming drive fast take chances you get any of that
It's a good show
Feral Audio